docs: add javascript section (#133593)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/languages-frameworks/javascript.section.md

> # Javascript

Reviewer: Would be nice to add anchors to other headings as well.

Author: Added, let me know if you think it hasn't been properly addressed.

Exceptions to this rule are:

- when you encounter one of the bugs from a nix tool. In each of the tool specific instructions, known problems will be detailed. If you have a problem with a particular tool, then it's best to try another tool, even if this means you will have to recreate a lock file and commit it to nixpkgs. In general yarn2nix has less known problems and so a simple search in nixpkgs will reveal many yarn.lock files commited
- Some lock files contain particular version of a package that has been pulled off npm for some reason. In that case, you can recreate upstream lock (by removing the original and `npm install`, `yarn`, ...) and commit this to nixpkgs.
- The only tool that supports workspaces (a feature of npm that helps manage sub-directories with different package.json from a single top level package.json) is yarn2nix. If upstream has workspaces you should try yarn2nix.

### Try to use upstream package.json

Exceptions to this rule are

> - Sometimes some dependencies are assumed to global to the upstream repo. In that case you can add them manually to the upstream package.json (`yarn add xxx` or `npm install xxx`, ...). Dependencies that are installed locally can be executed with `npx` for cli tools. (e.g. `npx postcss ...`, this is how you can call those dependencies in the phases).

Author: This is coming from https://github.com/arso-project/sonar 
they ask you to install a global dependency `@arsonar/server`
if you only install it in the local repo, you'll have to either change your `$PATH` to make it available or you can use it locally with `npx`.
I'm happy to change the wording to make it more understandable.

> - Sometimes some dependencies are assumed to global to the upstream repo. In that case you can add them manually to the upstream package.json (`yarn add xxx` or `npm install xxx`, ...). Dependencies that are installed locally can be executed with `npx` for cli tools. (e.g. `npx postcss ...`, this is how you can call those dependencies in the phases).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Sometimes the upstream repo assumes some dependencies to be installed globally. In that case you can add them manually to the upstream package.json (`yarn add xxx` or `npm install xxx`, ...). Dependencies that are installed locally can be executed with `npx` for cli tools. (e.g. `npx postcss ...`, this is how you can call those dependencies in the phases).
```

> - Sometimes some dependencies are assumed to global to the upstream repo. In that case you can add them manually to the upstream package.json (`yarn add xxx` or `npm install xxx`, ...). Dependencies that are installed locally can be executed with `npx` for cli tools. (e.g. `npx postcss ...`, this is how you can call those dependencies in the phases).

Author: modified, thank you! Feel free to update in case you feel something is missing.

### yarn2nix {#javascript-yarn2nix}

#### Preparation {#javascript-yarn2nix-preparation}

you will need at least a yarn.lock and yarn.nix file

- generate a yarn.lock in upstream if it is not already there
- `yarn2nix > yarn.nix` will generate the dependencies in a nix format

#### mkYarnPackage {#javascript-yarn2nix-mkYarnPackage}

this will by default try to generate a binary. For package only generating static assets (Svelte, Vue, React...), you will need to explicitely override the build step with your instructions. It's important to use the `--offline` flag. For example if you script is `"build": "something"` in package.json use

```nix
buildPhase = ''
  yarn build --offline
'';
```

The dist phase is also trying to build a binary, the only way to override it is with

```nix
distPhase = "true";
```

the configure phase can sometimes fail because it tries to be too clever.
One common override is

```nix
configurePhase = "ln -s $node_modules node_modules";
```

#### mkYarnModules {#javascript-yarn2nix-mkYarnModules}

> this will generate a derivation including the node_modules. If you have to build a derivation for an integrated web framework (rails, phoenix..), this is probably the easiest way. Plausible offers a good example of how to do this.

Reviewer 3: Plausible is referenced here, but I'm not sure what that refers to.
Is it this repo? https://github.com/plausible/analytics

Author: inside nixpkgs pkgs/servers/web-apps/plausible/default.nix I wasn't sure if I could do a file reference in markdown.

Author: Ok, I added the two links to the plausible references.

Reviewer 3: Looks great, thank you!
